docs/architecture/ARCHITECTURE.md, before:

# Architecture & Runbooks

## Project structure

- **`src/app/`** – Routes and page composition: pages (home, about, contact, services, portfolio, industries, medical-spas, privacy, terms, disclaimer, cookies), blog (index, [slug], category, tag, rss), partner (landing, login, apply, dashboard, set-password, forgot-password, terms), dashboard (login, (main): Overview, leads, blog, recent, content-maintenance, partners), API routes (auth, blog, contact, content-audit, content-maintenance, leads, partner, partners, revalidate), sitemap, robots. No shared UI in app.
- **`src/components/`** – Reusable UI: `blog/` (BlogContent, BlogSubscribe, BlogPostTOC, ShareButtons), `layout/` (Header, Footer, CTAStrip, MobileNav, LayoutShell, Logo), `sections/`, `ui/` (shadcn), `contact/`, `dashboard/`, `legal/`, `partner/` (PartnerAuthShell, PartnerRefHandler, PartnerPageCTAs, RefLink).
- **`src/lib/`** – Shared logic: `auth/` (auth, login-rate-limit), `blog/` (data, utils, sample-posts, generation-types), `graphql/` (client, queries, types), `seo/` (metadata, JSON-LD, canonical, article-audit, rank-math-parser), `pipeline/` (orchestrator, types for Content Writer), `claude/`, `gemini/`, `openai/` (AI clients), `jina/`, `serper/`, `supabase/`, `partner/` (cookie, cookie-server), `db/`, `constants/` (site constants, banned-phrases), `sitemap/` (sitemap index, urlset builders), `rate-limit/`, `utils.ts`.
- **`docs/`** – `architecture/`, `integrations/`, `dashboard/`, `blog/`, `partner/`, `audits/`, `planning/`. Optional Python tool: `tools/content_audit/`.

## Environment variables

All public config is via `NEXT_PUBLIC_*`; no server secrets are exposed to the client.

- **NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL** – Canonical base URL (canonical links, Open Graph, sitemap, RSS). Set to production URL in prod.
- **NEXT_PUBLIC_WP_GRAPHQL_URL** – WordPress GraphQL endpoint. When set, blog data comes from WordPress; when unset, sample data is used.
- **NEXT_PUBLIC_GA_MEASUREMENT_ID** – Optional GA4 Measurement ID. When set, GA4 scripts load on every page.
- Dashboard/AI: **DATABASE_URL**, **ADMIN_SECRET**, **ANTHROPIC_API_KEY**, **OPENAI_API_KEY**, **GEMINI_API_KEY** (or **GOOGLE_AI_API_KEY**), **SERPER_API_KEY**, **JINA_API_KEY**; optional **NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL**, **SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY** for Blog Maker Recent.

See [INTEGRATIONS.md](../integrations/INTEGRATIONS.md) for full list and GTM notes.

## WordPress (headless)

- **Where it's used:** Blog posts, categories, tags, sitemap posts/categories/tags, RSS, and static params for blog post pages.
- **Data layer:** `src/lib/blog/data.ts` – `getPosts`, `getPostBySlug`, `getCategoryBySlug`, `getAllCategorySlugs`, `fetchAllPostSlugs`. GraphQL client in `src/lib/graphql/client.ts`; queries in `src/lib/graphql/queries.ts`.
- **Slugs at scale:** `fetchAllPostSlugs()` paginates (100 per page) so sitemaps and `generateStaticParams` work with 1000+ posts. Post list for the blog index still uses `getPosts()` (first 100); increase or paginate there if needed.
- **Auth:** Public read-only by default. To lock down WP, add headers or auth in `src/lib/graphql/client.ts`.

## Caching

- **Security headers:** `src/middleware.ts` runs on every request (except static assets) and sets `X-Frame-Options`, `X-Content-Type-Options`, `Referrer-Policy`, `Permissions-Policy`, and `Content-Security-Policy`.
- **Data cache:** Blog and sitemap data use Next.js `unstable_cache` (revalidate 60s). Keys: `blog-posts`, `blog-post-<slug>`, `blog-category-<slug>`, `blog-category-slugs`, `sitemap-posts`, `sitemap-categories`, `sitemap-tags`. This reduces hits to WordPress within the revalidate window.
- **Route cache:** Blog pages use `revalidate = 60` (ISR). Sitemap and RSS responses send `Cache-Control: public, max-age=3600, s-maxage=3600`.

## Bundle analysis

To inspect bundle size and route-based code splitting:

1. The analyzer is already installed and wired in `next.config.ts` (enabled when `ANALYZE=true`).
2. Run:
   ```bash
   ANALYZE=true npm run build
   ```
   A browser window will open with the report.

## CSS and performance

- **Experimental inline CSS:** `experimental.inlineCss: true` in `next.config.ts` inlines CSS in the HTML for production builds, removing render-blocking stylesheet requests and improving FCP/LCP on first load. This only applies to production (`next build`); development does not use it. Trade-off: styles are not cached separately from HTML. See [Next.js inlineCss docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/inlineCss).

## Error handling

- **Runtime errors:** Root `src/app/error.tsx` catches unhandled errors and shows a friendly message with "Try again" and "Go home" / "Blog".
- **404:** `src/app/not-found.tsx` with links to home and blog.
- **GraphQL failures:** `lib/blog/data.ts` catches errors and falls back to sample data (posts) or null (category) so the site degrades gracefully.

Commit message:

docs: safeguard against re-enabling inlineCss
Add comment in next.config and ARCHITECTURE.md: inlineCss broke production
layout; keep it disabled.

Made-with: Cursor

docs/architecture/ARCHITECTURE.md, after:

# Architecture & Runbooks

## Project structure

- **`src/app/`** – Routes and page composition: pages (home, about, contact, services, portfolio, industries, medical-spas, privacy, terms, disclaimer, cookies), blog (index, [slug], category, tag, rss), partner (landing, login, apply, dashboard, set-password, forgot-password, terms), dashboard (login, (main): Overview, leads, blog, recent, content-maintenance, partners), API routes (auth, blog, contact, content-audit, content-maintenance, leads, partner, partners, revalidate), sitemap, robots. No shared UI in app.
- **`src/components/`** – Reusable UI: `blog/` (BlogContent, BlogSubscribe, BlogPostTOC, ShareButtons), `layout/` (Header, Footer, CTAStrip, MobileNav, LayoutShell, Logo), `sections/`, `ui/` (shadcn), `contact/`, `dashboard/`, `legal/`, `partner/` (PartnerAuthShell, PartnerRefHandler, PartnerPageCTAs, RefLink).
- **`src/lib/`** – Shared logic: `auth/` (auth, login-rate-limit), `blog/` (data, utils, sample-posts, generation-types), `graphql/` (client, queries, types), `seo/` (metadata, JSON-LD, canonical, article-audit, rank-math-parser), `pipeline/` (orchestrator, types for Content Writer), `claude/`, `gemini/`, `openai/` (AI clients), `jina/`, `serper/`, `supabase/`, `partner/` (cookie, cookie-server), `db/`, `constants/` (site constants, banned-phrases), `sitemap/` (sitemap index, urlset builders), `rate-limit/`, `utils.ts`.
- **`docs/`** – `architecture/`, `integrations/`, `dashboard/`, `blog/`, `partner/`, `audits/`, `planning/`. Optional Python tool: `tools/content_audit/`.

## Environment variables

All public config is via `NEXT_PUBLIC_*`; no server secrets are exposed to the client.

- **NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL** – Canonical base URL (canonical links, Open Graph, sitemap, RSS). Set to production URL in prod.
- **NEXT_PUBLIC_WP_GRAPHQL_URL** – WordPress GraphQL endpoint. When set, blog data comes from WordPress; when unset, sample data is used.
- **NEXT_PUBLIC_GA_MEASUREMENT_ID** – Optional GA4 Measurement ID. When set, GA4 scripts load on every page.
- Dashboard/AI: **DATABASE_URL**, **ADMIN_SECRET**, **ANTHROPIC_API_KEY**, **OPENAI_API_KEY**, **GEMINI_API_KEY** (or **GOOGLE_AI_API_KEY**), **SERPER_API_KEY**, **JINA_API_KEY**; optional **NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL**, **SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY** for Blog Maker Recent.

See [INTEGRATIONS.md](../integrations/INTEGRATIONS.md) for full list and GTM notes.

## WordPress (headless)

- **Where it's used:** Blog posts, categories, tags, sitemap posts/categories/tags, RSS, and static params for blog post pages.
- **Data layer:** `src/lib/blog/data.ts` – `getPosts`, `getPostBySlug`, `getCategoryBySlug`, `getAllCategorySlugs`, `fetchAllPostSlugs`. GraphQL client in `src/lib/graphql/client.ts`; queries in `src/lib/graphql/queries.ts`.
- **Slugs at scale:** `fetchAllPostSlugs()` paginates (100 per page) so sitemaps and `generateStaticParams` work with 1000+ posts. Post list for the blog index still uses `getPosts()` (first 100); increase or paginate there if needed.
- **Auth:** Public read-only by default. To lock down WP, add headers or auth in `src/lib/graphql/client.ts`.

## Caching

- **Security headers:** `src/middleware.ts` runs on every request (except static assets) and sets `X-Frame-Options`, `X-Content-Type-Options`, `Referrer-Policy`, `Permissions-Policy`, and `Content-Security-Policy`.
- **Data cache:** Blog and sitemap data use Next.js `unstable_cache` (revalidate 60s). Keys: `blog-posts`, `blog-post-<slug>`, `blog-category-<slug>`, `blog-category-slugs`, `sitemap-posts`, `sitemap-categories`, `sitemap-tags`. This reduces hits to WordPress within the revalidate window.
- **Route cache:** Blog pages use `revalidate = 60` (ISR). Sitemap and RSS responses send `Cache-Control: public, max-age=3600, s-maxage=3600`.

## Bundle analysis

To inspect bundle size and route-based code splitting:

1. The analyzer is already installed and wired in `next.config.ts` (enabled when `ANALYZE=true`).
2. Run:
   ```bash
   ANALYZE=true npm run build
   ```
   A browser window will open with the report.

## CSS and performance

- **Do not enable `experimental.inlineCss`:** It was tried and broke production (entire site unstyled on mobile, layout disarranged, CLS spike). It is explicitly set to `false` in `next.config.ts` with a comment. Keep it disabled. For render-blocking CSS, prefer reducing CSS size or a custom critical-CSS approach that is tested in production before rollout.

## Error handling

- **Runtime errors:** Root `src/app/error.tsx` catches unhandled errors and shows a friendly message with "Try again" and "Go home" / "Blog".
- **404:** `src/app/not-found.tsx` with links to home and blog.
- **GraphQL failures:** `lib/blog/data.ts` catches errors and falls back to sample data (posts) or null (category) so the site degrades gracefully.
